# Hi there

Just got the idea of making a blog to kinda document my journey of learning how to code and share it with others, so here it is. i am not exactly sure how i am going to "DOCUMENT" my progress but i'll just see how it goes i guess. Since this is the first ever "actual" post on this site, it'll be about my past experience with software engineering and coding experiences as a kid and so on and few of my plans later, so here goes nothing.

Starting out as a kid with his first ever family pc at the age of 6 - 7, it was only a matter of time before i got curious about developing stuff and making apps to use and share, fast forward a few years and i got interested in doing so, and at the time i was playing unhealthy amount of video games(pirated cause algeria) that come with different installers/setups and cracks and stuff and i wanted to be like one of those groups like CODEX/SKIDROW/RELOADED just to name a few of the popular ones back then so i dound some cheap setup maker or setup making wizard from some site, downloaded some pirated games, repackaged them and uploaded them on some websites and made tutorial videos on how to install them on youtube. Naturally all the files that i uploaded and videos that i made got removed with youtube channel.

Fast forward few years i got into CSGO, fast forward 1.5-ish years, i got curious on how video game cheats are made because of YT's recommendations and in doing so found this [Absolutely beatiful CSGO open-source easy to read feature rich cheat](https://github.com/danielkrupinski/Osiris) and started to learn C++ to understand how it works and modify it a bit, add some features and make my own version and stuff which i did but i lost it cause i deleted my old Github accounts(Regrets) and even contributed to developing it at some point iirc. but after a while i lost intrest in games and so coding since i didn't have the slightest idea of what to code + covid hits + i got into anime which took most of my time around that time.

Fast forward 2 years i am now in Uni studying computer sience and since i have some experince coding stuff has been going smoothly for the most part so, but at some point i kinda got extremly motivated to relearn how to code and do it for real this time as a job not just a hobby or something idk what i was thinking back then, so i started relearning C++(for anyone wanting to get into learning C++ i highly recommend using [learncpp.com](https://www.learncpp.com/)) cause i forgot most of the syntax and around the same time my friends decided to make a group so we can study some web development and so around the time i started relearning C++ i also started html and css with some friends and even managed to make [this](https://abdallahmehiz.github.io/) in a week or so so that's neat.

on the day of posting this it's been a week since i ditched C++ to start learning Java syntax cause i found out the hard way that C++ wasn't the optimal language to learn for the stuff that i was planning on coding. it's been fun Java's syntax ain't much different from C++ any some ways but truly tedious at others but i guess i'll have to get by.

plans? i am currently planning on learning some Java syntax and experimenting with it a bit before i also start learning kotlin's syntax(learning this many languages one after the other is stupid ik but idc tbh) so i can develop an [Anilist.co](https://Anilist.co) for personal use and to gain experience in android development(its gonna be hard and i know it will). also few touches of C++ here and there to keep in touch with the language.
